slurm/Daemons/other: add pages (#11133)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/spank.md

# spank

> spank is a component of the Slurm workload manager that allows users and administrators to create and load custom plug-ins.

> > More information: <https://slurm.schedmd.com/spank.html>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://slurm.schedmd.com/spank.html>.

```

> > Spank is a component of the Slurm workload manager that allows users and administrators to create and load custom plug-ins.
> > More information: <https://slurm.schedmd.com/spank.html>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> SPANK - Slurm Plug-in Architecture for Node and job (K)control.
> Component of the Slurm workload manager that allows users and administrators to create and load custom plug-ins. It should not be invoked manually.
> More information: <https://slurm.schedmd.com/spank.html>.
```

While I was making this suggestion, I realized that this isn't an invokable command at all, so I would suggest dropping this page.

Author: Agree!
